Hi everybody and welcome back.
Now in this lecture we're going to look at using arbitrary keyword arguments.
So sometimes you want to accept an arbitrary number of keyword arguments but you won't know in advance
what kind of information will be passed to the function.
This happens.
You can write functions that except as many key value pairs as a calling statement provides in this
coming code sample the function c profile always takes in a first and last name which is the first and
the last name of a passenger.
But it also accepts an arbitrary number of keyword arguments as well.
So let's take a look at how it works.
So let's define our function so see profile what we're doing here is we're building up everything that
we know about a particular person you're sitting in a particular seat.
So let's go so let's say See profile.
So we have their first name.
Well Brackett is the wrong way.
So first name we'd have the last name and then we have to Asterix and we call this seat info.
Actually we won't call this passenger info.
It's more user friendly passenger info.
OK there we go call them we put in a description
build a dictionary
containing all passenger information
information Dirigo
OK.
So far us our profile has to be empty because we don't accept the information at so profile.
So there we go an empty dictionary next profile.
Takes in first name.
So we have to get the key first name and the value first.
Next our profile takes in.
Last name exact same as above.
Key last name because the last name of our parameters in our function.
OK.
So for the key and the value in
passenger info
so whatever items we put in there want to look through the profile of key
it's going to equal the value.
Now we're going to return the profile
now so our passenger profile.
So everything we know about the passenger
equal seat profile.
So who's going to be in the seat.
Well first it's going to be my sent my first name.
Tiny no.
Tony Staunton OK.
Now what about what about putting in arguments that we didn't know ahead of time like we the beginning
of this lecture.
Well we want to give them a seat number.
Seat number equals let's say 36 again and let's say breakfast ordered breakfast ordered
equals.
Yes.
OK.
Now let's see how this runs.
And what we get out of it so to do that we say print passenger profile.
OK fingers crossed didn't work.
Was a plane crossed our fingers didn't work because that's a Dutch after Tony and it should be a comma.
Now there we go a dictionary of everything that we know about this passenger.
So the first name is Tony the last name is Staunton.
They've ordered breakfast under seat number is 36.
Very very nice.
So we're going to look at putting all this together now in a bigger program later on.
It takes practice to learn to use different types of arguments correctly and to know when to use each
type of argument.
For now use the simplest approach that gets the job done.
Thanks for listening and I'll see you in the next lecture.